solution.md, before:

# Solution.md

URL shortener system
--------------------
- Our system will contain a Web Application, Memcahced and a Key Value persistant Database.
- Our Web Application will accept a url and generate a hash key for the url.
- We issue a Get request to memcached with the first 6 characters from the key and return that key as the URI for the URL if the key exists and its value equals to the requested URL, if the value is different, that means we have a collision and we increase the number of characters taken from the hash by one to avoid the collision, and so on.
- If the key does not exists in memcached, we try the same as above from the DB.
- If it neither exists in memcached nor the DB, then we store the key/value in DB and memcached and return the key as URI.
- Whenever we receive a request to a URI, we check if the key part of the URI exists in memcached, if not then DB, and return a redirect to the value URL if it exists, otherwise we return a 404 not found.
- We support ephemeral URLs by including a Time-To-Live with hours, and also a One-shot, and these options can be set when generating new short URLs.
- The Value generated will consist of comma delimitered Value as "One-Shot,TTL,Generated-Time,URL"
- Whenever we have a One-Shot key, then we delete the key whenever we receive a request for that key, and we will have a separate service that run daily to remove the key/values with its TTL expired.

Commit message:

Description of the solution added.

solution.md, after:

# Simple shopping cart system
•	Our system will contain a web application with its supporting database
•	The database will have several tables according to the database diagram
•	The backend will use extensive object oriented programing to allow easy modifications, and interaction between components (product, user, cart, etc.)
•	A MVC design pattern will be used and enforced since the system will be accessed from the web and mobile applications at least and code duplication is not an option
•	We will use a caching system for pages like the product detail except the section related to the product availability which will be dynamic according to real data
•	Secure connections will be used as soon as we are in the checkout process or profile information
•	On the main page, we will show a list of the featured products and options to browse the rest by categories and a search field. There will be also the possibility to login for extra options related to the user. If the user is authenticated, we could show a list of items based on the last purchases.
•	The product detail page will have options to add items to the shopping cart either by incrementing what’s already in the cart for that item or by specifying a quantity. A product could be “followed” by an authenticated user to receive notifications if the item is on sale, if the inventory changes, etc.
•	If the user is not authenticated a session based shopping cart will be used and all the information (products, quantity, etc.) will be persisted in the user’s browser through cookies or a similar alternative
•	If the user is authenticated the cart will be persisted for this user on the database
•	If the user is authenticated, the user page will be available and it will contain options such as purchase history, order status, profile management, etc.
•	The shopping cart page will list all the items and the quantity specified by the user
•	At every step of the checkout process we check the inventory to alert the client if there’s no stock for certain items
